Add note about using Array.prototype.includes() (#32325)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/in/index.md

The **`in`** operator returns `true` if the specified property is in the specified object or its prototype chain.

> If you need to find if a certain value exists in an array, use {{jsxref("Array/includes", "includes()")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `in` operator cannot be used to search for values in other collections. To test if a certain value exists in an array, use {{jsxref("Array.prototype.includes()")}}. For sets, use {{jsxref("Set.prototype.has()")}}.
```
